# The Open Cloud Vulnerability & Security Issue Database 
##Website Terms Of Use

Please read the following Terms of Use carefully before using this site (“Site”) so that you are aware of your legal rights and obligations with respect to The Open Cloud Vulnerability & Security Issue Database ("we", "our" or "us"). By accessing or using the Site, you expressly acknowledge and agree that you are entering a legal agreement with us and have understood and agree to comply with, and be legally bound by, these Terms of Use (the "Terms"). You hereby waive any applicable rights to require an original (non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, to the extent not prohibited under applicable law. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms please do not access or use the Site.  

1.	**Background**. The Site is intended to provide a centralized cloud vulnerability database. 
2.	**Modification**. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change these Terms at any time. Such change will be effective ten (10) days following posting of the revised Terms on the Site, and your continued use of the Site thereafter means that you accept those changes.
3.	**Ability to Accept Terms**. The Site is only intended for individuals aged eighteen (18) years or older. If you are under 18 years please do not visit or use the Site. 
4.	**Site Access**. For such time as these Terms are in effect, we hereby grant you permission to visit and use the Site provided that you comply with these Terms and applicable law.
5.	**Restrictions**. You shall not: (i) copy, distribute or modify any part of the Site without our prior written authorization; (ii) use, modify, create derivative works of, transfer (by sale, resale, license, sublicense, download or otherwise), reproduce, distribute, display or disclose Content (defined below), except as expressly authorized herein; (iii) disrupt servers or networks connected to the Site; (iv) use or launch any automated system (including without limitation, "robots" and "spiders") to access the Site; and/or (v) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or that enforce limitations on use of the Site. 
6.	**Intellectual Property Rights**. 
6.1.	Except where otherwise specified all content on this site is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License (CC-BY 4.0) license, found at: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.
6.2.	*User Content*. The Site permits the submission, hosting, sharing and publishing of content by you and other users ("User Content"). To grow the commons of free knowledge, all users are required to grant broad permissions to the general public to use such User Content pursuant to the CC-BY 4.0 license, which advances our goal of providing free information to the widest possible audience, so that it is freely reusable by anyone who wishes to access it. You shall be solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting, publishing or uploading it. We have complete discretion whether to publish your User Content and we reserve the right in our sole discretion and without further notice to you, to edit and/or remove any User Content. 
6.3.	*Prohibited Content*. You agree that you will not display, post, submit, publish, upload or transmit  User Content that: (i) is unfair or deceptive under the consumer protection laws of any jurisdiction; (ii) is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights; (iii) creates a risk to a person’s safety or health, creates a risk to public safety or health, compromises national security, or interferes with an investigation by law enforcement; (iv) impersonates another person; (v) is unlawful, or otherwise malicious or fraudulent. 
6.4.	*Exposure*. You understand and acknowledge that when accessing and using the Siteyou may be exposed to User Content from a variety of sources, and that we are not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of, or relating to, such User Content. You hereby agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against us with respect to such User Content.
7.	**Links**. 
7.1.	The Site may contain links, and may enable you to post content, to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We are not affiliated with, have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of, any third party websites. You: (i) are solely responsible and liable for your use of and linking to third party websites and any content that you may send or post to a third party website; and (ii) expressly release us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party website that you may choose to visit.
7.2.	We permit you to link to the Site provided that: (i) you link to but do not replicate any page on this Site; (ii) the hyperlink text shall accurately describe the User Content as it appears on the Site; (iii) you shall not misrepresent your relationship with us or present any false information about us and shall not imply in any way that we are endorsing any services or products; (iv) you shall not link from a website ("Third Party Website") which prohibits linking to third parties; (v) such Third Party Website does not contain content that (a) is offensive or controversial (both at our discretion), or (b) infringes any intellectual property, privacy rights, or other rights of any person or entity; and (vi) you, and your website, comply with these Terms and applicable law. 
8.	**Warranty Disclaimers**. 
8.1.	THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF BUGS, SECURITY BREACHES, OR VIRUS ATTACKS. THE SITE MAY OCCASIONALLY BE UNAVAILABLE FOR ROUTINE MAINTENANCE, UPGRADING, OR OTHER REASONS. YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY THAT MAY RESULT FROM TECHNICAL PROBLEMS OF THE INTERNET, SLOW CONNECTIONS, TRAFFIC CONGESTION OR OVERLOAD OF OUR OR OTHER SERVERS. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE OR GUARANTEE ANY CONTENT, PRODUCT, OR SERVICE THAT IS FEATURED OR ADVERTISED ON THE SITE BY A THIRD PARTY.   
8.2.	WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE OR GUARANTEE ANY CONTENT THAT APPEARS IN A USER CONTENT, AND DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR, ANY SUCH CONTENT. 
9.	**Limitation of Liability**. 
9.1.	TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS OR REPUTATION, ARISING UNDER THESE TERMS OR OUT OF YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
9.2.	IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF US FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING UNDER THESE TERMS OR OUT OF YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES, IF ANY, PAID BY YOU TO US FOR USING THE SITE DURING THE THREE (3) MONTHS PRIOR TO BRINGING THE CLAIM. 
10.	**Indemnity**. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us and our affiliates harmless, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of, or inability to use, the Site; (ii) your User Content; (iii) your interaction with any Site user; or (iv) your violation of these Terms.
11.	**Term and Termination**. These Terms are effective until terminated by you or us. We, in our sole discretion, have the right to terminate these Terms and/or your access to the Site, or any part thereof, immediately at any time and with or without cause (including, without any limitation, for a breach of these Terms). We shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination of the Site, or any part thereof. If you object to any term or condition of these Terms, or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with the Site in any way, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of the Site. Upon termination of these Terms, you shall cease all use of the Site. This Section 11 and Sections 6 (Intellectual Property Rights),  8 (Warranty Disclaimers), 9 (Limitation of Liability), 10 (Indemnity), and 12 (Independent Contractors) to 14 (General) shall survive termination of these Terms.
12.	**Independent Contractors**. You and we are independent contractors. Nothing in these Terms creates a partnership, joint venture, agency, or employment relationship between you and us. You may not make, or undertake, any warranties, representations, commitments or obligations on our behalf.
13.	**Assignment**. These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you but may be assigned by us without restriction or notification to you. Any prohibited assignment shall be null and void.
14.	**General**. We reserve the right to discontinue or modify any aspect of the Site at any time. These Terms and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in New York City, New York and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts, provided that we may seek injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction. These Terms shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us concerning the Site. If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and a party's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION THAT YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.


Last updated: June 2022 
